
Jenga quick-start guide.

Jenga is a general purpose build system. The jenga executable is used
to run commands to generate target files from source files, based on a
rules written in jengaroot.ml. A single jenga instance is used to
perform the build for an entire directory tree of files.

If you are a developer using jenga but working in a build framework
developed by someone else, then you shouldn't need to touch the
jengaroot.ml or know anything about it except for its location.  If
you are the build framework developer then please see the sibling help
file: jenga-rule-development.txt


To use jenga: start the jenga executable jenga.exe in any directory or
sub-directory of source-tree containing a jengaroot.ml

Some command line options you might find useful.
For more, see: jenga -help.

-P
    Run in polling mode

-act
    Show when targets are (re-)generated by actions, and why

-verbose
    Show the full command string & stdout/stderr from every command run


The root of the directory tree is marked by the location of the single
jengaroot.ml file. When jenga is run it will look for a jengaroot.ml
starting in the currently directory, and then searching upwards though
the parent directories.  (This allows jenga to be started in any sub
directory of the full tree; useful when combined with the idea of a
per-directory .DEFAULT target.)
    
    
When jenga is running in polling mode: After the build is complete
(successfully or with errors), jenga will be sensitive to changes to
any files which should cause rebuilding.

When jenga is not running in polling mode, but is restarted after a
previous run, changes to files are detected via a persistent file
".jenga/db" stored in the root of the jenga-tree. This file records
what commands were run to create which targets, together with the
(digest) state of those targets & dependencies.

Jenga has the same behaviour when run in polling or non-polling mode.
Use of polling mode is simply a convenience; and which avoids the
start-up cost when running jenga in a large tree.
